If you think that you can be killed, you are a fool and probably lost. 
If there were no Bagration, it would be necessary to invent him. 
The more I try not to think about it, the more it becomes the only thing I can think about at all.
The family and the hearth are the lot of the virtuous and are given to them in an absolute and 
self-sufficient form. I'm a man of bad rules, and I'm afraid if the world starts to live as I want, 
it will be a very funny world. Do not value and do not judge her by herself, 
value and judge her only by what you see in him. Take summer in your hand, 
pour summer into a glass - into the tiniest, of course, from which you can 
only take a single tart sip, raise it to your lips - and hot summer will 
run through your veins instead of a fierce winter. All you have to do is 
sleep well, or cry for ten minutes, or eat a whole pint of chocolate ice cream,
or even all of these together - you can’t think of a better medicine. The hardest thing is to start acting, 
everything else depends only on perseverance. 
In 20 years, you will be more disappointed with the things you didn't do than with the things you did. 
Science is organized knowledge, wisdom is organized life. 
It is often said that motivation lasts for a short time, 
but the same thing happens with a refreshing shower, 
which is why it is recommended to take it daily. 
The person you are destined to become is only the person you decide to become.
It happens that a person is seized by such a depressed state of mind that everything that usually 
angers him and causes a healthy reaction of discontent in him suddenly begins to torment him with a long, 
dull, silent sadness. In fact, people sometimes express themselves about the “brutal” cruelty of man, 
but this is terribly unfair and insulting for animals: a beast can never be as cruel as a person,
so artistically, so artistically cruel. 
Wisdom consists in stubbornly not doing what you don’t want to do and at the same time gracefully 
avoiding trouble.I loved my bed and could stay in it for hours, even during the day, pulling the
covers up to my chin, it was calm here, no incidents, no people, nothing. Dreams sometimes do not 
leave us for a long time; their taste, their tone is sometimes heard by us all day long. Ideally, 
I would turn into a chocolate bar - and time would pass faster and somehow calmer in foil. 
It is enough to change the scenery, and everything can change at once - the passage of time, 
the flow of emotions. A thing that carries a certain imperfection in itself attracts precisely by 
its imperfection. A person in our time is like a paper napkin: they blow their nose into it, crumple it,
throw it away, take a new one, blow their nose, crumple it, throw it away. Digging in our soul, 
we often dig out something that would lie there unnoticed. He realized that she was not only close to him,
but that now he did not know where she ended and he began. 
Let's live so that even the undertaker will regret us when we die! Dial in a command to sail 
to heaven and try to make a stop in hell for two and a half hours, just to get coal, 
and I'll be damned if someone does not stay on the shore. If we are not respected, 
we are severely offended; And deep down, nobody really respects themselves. She always gave 
herself good advice, although she rarely followed it. The best way to explain is to do it
yourself! Alice was surprised how she was not surprised, but the amazing day had just 
begun and there was nothing surprising in the fact that she had not yet begun to be surprised.
I have seen such nonsense, in comparison with which this nonsense is an explanatory dictionary.
Nothing can be more pleasant than living in solitude, enjoying the spectacle of nature and 
sometimes reading a book. You need to love what you do, and then work - even the roughest - rises
to creativity. Of two friends, one is always the slave of the other, although often
neither of them admits this to himself. A person gets used to being alone, but break this 
loneliness even for a day, and you will have to get used to it again. The tragedy of old age 
is not that a person grows old, but that he remains young in soul. You can work like hell,
you can become the smartest and most beautiful in general, but no one will forget that one 
day you made a mistake. After all, even completely innocent behavior seems suspicious if 
 you know for sure that a person is lying.